JAMES-3756 Cassandra implementation for DelegationStore (#1024)
apache/james-project: upgrade-instructions.md

Change list:

- [Adding authorized_users column to user table](#adding-authorized_users-column-to-user-table)

### Adding authorized_users column to user table

Date 26/05/2022

JIRA: https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/JAMES-3756

Concerned product: Distributed James, Cassandra James Server

Add `authorized_users` column to `user` table in order to store delegated users.

> In order to add this `authorized_users` column we advise you to run the following CQL command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to add this `authorized_users` column you need to run the following CQL command:
```
